Add Fabric info to readme (#2)
Lightning-AI/nanoGPT: README.md

# nanoGPT - with Fabric ⚡

> **This is Karpathy's nanoGPT repo with the addition of [Fabric](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fabric/fabric.html).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This is [Karpathy's](https://github.com/karpathy) [nanoGPT](https://github.com/karpathy/nanoGPT) repo with the addition of [Fabric](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fabric/fabric.html).**
```

> **Fabric is fast, lightweight, and scales your models without boilerplate code.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fabric is the fast and lightweight way to scale your models without boilerplate.**
```

Author: Love it! You were 1 split sec too late 😅
